Ingredients
To make Turkish cig kofte you'll need the following ingredients:

Fine bulgur wheat: There are different types of bulgur wheat, so it's really important to pay attention to the package. You want to buy fine bulgur wheat (also called köftelik bulgur) to make cig kofte. The brand we use at home is called „Duru". You should be able to find it in Middle Eastern grocery stores or online. Don't try to substitute it with other types of bulgur like coarse bulgur.
Turkish red pepper paste: Turkish red pepper paste (biber salcasi) is a must for any Turkish recipe! Please make sure to not substitute it with tomato paste. I know that there are people who use tomato paste as a substitute, but they have very different flavors. You can find Turkish red pepper paste in Middle Eastern grocery stores or online. The brand I use is called „Öncü", but there are many great brands. Just make sure to buy „tatli" (sweet) red pepper paste. „Aci" (spicy) red pepper paste isn't only spicier, it also has a different flavor.
Turkish pul biber: Turkish pul biber is also called Aleppo pepper. You can find it in Middle Eastern grocery stores.
Turkish isot biber: Turkish isot biber, also called Urfa biber, is a black-ish chili powder that has a very unique taste. It is commonly used in cig kofte. So I highly recommend buying some when you get your groceries. And please don't be tempted to skip it or use other chili flakes instead. It's super important for making the best cig kofte!
Ground cumin: Ground cumin is another key ingredient. So definitely make sure you don't forget to use it!
Tomatoes: The juicier your tomatoes, the better your cig kofte will be. Just buy regular medium-sized tomatoes to make this recipe.
Garlic: Another important ingredient is garlic! It adds a ton of flavor and is key to making flavorful cig kofte. Even my brothers who don't like garlic at all love cig kofte the way we make them at home.
Lemons: Lemons are a staple in Turkish cuisine. You'll need lemon juice for some acidity and brightness. And it goes super well with the chili flakes!
Green onion: Green onion is another important ingredient in this cig kofte recipe. Other recipes may call for regular onions. But trust me, green onions will taste amazing!
Parsley: This dish is made with plenty of fresh parsley, so unfortunately there is no way around it. Just use regular fresh parsley to try this recipe.